<?xml version="1.1"?>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/css" href="journal.css"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Journal</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <heading decoration="underline" size="1">Journal</heading>
        <r><i>Joshua Oliver</i></r>
        <r><i>Jon's Advisory</i></r>
        <space/>
        <heading size="3">Crocker Riverside Elementary School</heading>
        <hr/>
        <heading size="4" id="10292019"><i>10/29/2019</i></heading>
        <p indent="true" align="j">Today I attempted to learn more of the classroom dynamics.  I have been having a small amount of trouble figuring out everyone's names, but I figure that in enough time I will have everyone's names figured out.  Names have always been an issue for me, but I can learn them with time.</p>
        <p indent="true" align="j">Every morning I have to ride my bike to the school.  I have to leave at about 7:45 AM, as the school starts at 8:00 AM.  When I get to the office, I sign in and get a vistor badge.  I head to room 15, Leslie Foreé's room.  All of the kids call her Ms. Foreé, so I do too to avoid confusion.  I act as a T.A. (teacher's assistant).  I basically do anything that Ms. Foreé asks me to do.</p>
        <br/>
        <heading size="4" id="10312019"><i>10/31/2019</i></heading>
        <p indent="true" align="j">Today is Halloween.  This year I have decided that I do not want to go trick-or-treating.  This was because I didn't have a costume picked out, but mostly because I just didn't want to.  My parents wanted me to go to my internship with a costume on, "because the kids will love it."  I argued that it would be a pain to ride my bike with a giant doughnut costume.</p>
        <p indent="true" align="j">When I arrived, all of the kids and all but a few of the adults had costumes.  There were many games and activities for the kids, including by not limited to, tic-tac-toe, cookie making, and coloring.  I quickly programmed a touch-screen game of PONG on my chromebook and hosted that as an activity.  I made a cookie to take back to school.</p>
        <p indent="true" align="j">The cookie made the trek back to my school a bit awkward, but in the end, I managed to deliver the most important cargo, the cookie, successfully.  Programming that game gave me a bit of experience with reading touches to the screen, and I also learned one more of the students' names; Bear.</p>
        <br/>
        <heading size="4" id="11052019"><i>11/05/2019</i></heading>
        <p indent="true" align="j">Apparently, on my way home last time, I ran over some glass and my front tire popped.  This made riding my bike to my internship even more painful.</p>
        <p indent="true" align="j">At my internship today, I made origami for the kids and helped out.  When we went to the library, I stayed and was slightly rude to the other teacher.  That may bite me in the butt.  Later that day, I realised that I didn't take my pills that morning and that was the reason I was misbehaving.</p>
        <br/>
        <heading size="4" id="11072019"><i>11/07/2019</i></heading>
        <p indent="true" align="j">I was fired from my internship today.  I found out yesterday when my advisor Jon told me.  I was broken for the rest of the day.  I was more mad at myself than I was at the mentor.  I figured that this was my first internship, and that it would be crazy to assume that my first internship would go perfectly.  When I got home, my mom told me that she e-mailed Jon to not tell me during the day, and instead at the end.  Guess what he did.  I am now looking for another opportunity.</p>
        <p indent="true" align="j">I at first had trouble figuring something out, but then I thought of Miso, a restaraunt near my house.  I looked on Imblaze and found out that they are not takingf interns.  I am going to keep looking.</p>
        <br/>
        <heading size="4" id="11122019"><i>11/12/2019</i></heading>
        <p indent="true" align="j">I am looking for another internship.  I am currently thinking of going to Noah's NY Bagels at 16<sup>th</sup> and Broadway.  I want it because I want to know what it is like to work in a restaurant environment.  This bagel shop is also a 4 minute walk from my house.  I am to ask them personally if they are taking interns.</p>
        <br/>
        <heading size="4" id="11142019"><i>11/14/2019</i></heading>
        <p indent="true" align="j">I talked to Philip about what I should do for getting an internship.  He says that chains like Noah's NY Bagels don't typically take interns.  I might as well try, but I shouldn't put all of my eggs in one basket.  He suggested taking up an IT internship.</p>
        <br/>
        <heading size="4" id="11192019"><i>11/19/2019</i></heading>
        <p indent="true" align="j">I have been looking for places that are IT-realted because Philip suggested it, anbd because computers are my specialty.  I haven't found anything convenietly located near my house yet.  I just have to keep looking.</p>
        <br/>
        <heading size="4" id="12032019"><i>12/03/2019</i></heading>
        <p indent="true" align="j">I have finally found a place that I think will work out.  I have been trying to look for places that are close by to my house and I want to actually intern there.  After searching for a while, I have decided to try Selland's Market Cafe.</p>
        <p indent="true" align="j">Selland's Market Cafe is on Broadway, near my house.  If I couldn't find something that was IT-related, I would do something culinary.  I am curious as to what it is like inside of a restaurant environment, so this may be my chance to find out.</p>
        <p indent="true" align="j">Unfortunately, Imblaze didn't work for Vikky today, so I have to wait for the engineer of Imblaze to fix the problem.  I can't wait.</p>
        <br/>
        <heading size="4" id="12052019"><i>12/05/2019</i></heading>
        <p indent="true" align="j">I have been approved on Imblaze to pursue Selland's Market Cafe, but I haven't really done anything.  I haven't made my cover letter and I haven't emailed them at all. I plan on doing that soon.</p>
        <br/>
        <heading size="4" id="12102019"><i>12/10/2019</i></heading>
        <p indent="true" align="j">Scott has personally asked for me to be his intern.  I feel honored.  He told me that he has never had an intern before, and that this is his first time.  I accepted, and I am now Scott's intern.</p>
        <br/>
        <heading size="4" id="12122019"><i>12/12/2019</i></heading>
        <p indent="true" align="j">I have the task of stamping, labeling, and filling 390 envelopes to send out to invite students to come to The Met.  There are a lot of them, and I don't think I can do them all before break.</p>
        <p indent="true" align="j">Also, I like having an internship at The Met.  Being Scott's intern, I am asked to make, design, fix, and setup various things for the teachers.  Eli said that I remind him of Avery, who, just like me, was a sort of "jack of all trades".</p>
        <br/>
        <heading size="4" id="12172019"><i>12/17/2019</i></heading>
        <p indent="true" align="j">Now that I have gotten a lot of the letters out of the way, it acutally feels reasonable to have all of them done by Christmas Break.  There are only 4.5 sheets of names left to create letters for, so I think I can do it.</p>
    </body>
</html>